hey my youtuber baby today I will be
showing you video on how to make
southern banana pudding and yes my
mother's in the kitchen this time I'm
not making it but you're gonna start off
with some decorating milk like so ain't
gonna put it on the stove in a pot and
you're gonna add sugar you add a cup and
a half or you can add a half it depends
on how sweet you want it and you're just
going to put in the pan and go get a
little water as the client starts to go
mix it together like so and you're just
going to add to your evaporated milk are
you going to cook them to it dickens up
like you'll see and you have to keep
watching and keep stirring and keep
watching it now what you're gonna do
you're gonna get some vanilla wafer
cookies we do our friends in Louisiana
they taste bitter you like it to
something that is you're gonna cut them
like so now you don't want your bananas
to be green you want them to not be
right but not be I don't know say you
want to look like that okay and like my
mother is doing just gonna keep on the
stern and like I say if you don't watch
it it will overflow
that's why she's turning heat down
keep watching are you gonna go back to
those cookies and those bananas and
you're going to add another layer of
cookies like so we're gonna do about
four layers of this banana pudding okay
and you guys we use like two cans of the
evaporated milk for one and a half cans
okay and once you feel inch laying it
out layering it it's gonna look like so
alright keep watching I'll show you guys
I wanna say we use two bananas for each
layering and that's my mommy as you can
see the evaporated milk and thickened up
of course and what you're gonna do that
second layer of cookies we're gonna
party evaporated milk on top of the
cookies and the bananas like so like I
said this is very very easy banana
pudding are you doing is layering it and
the evaporated milk to it it's really
nothing hard about it okay as you can
see it's still a little watery but it
will thicken up the colder than vibrated
milk it's okay just keep watching
and it's going to look like so when
you're done I'd never eaten milk
on that first or second layer you can
see okay cute watching and also we only
use half the evaporated milk and we turn
the oven the fire down from that okay
and it's going to thicken up and now
we're going to add another layer of
bananas like so and we're going to add
another layer of the cookies you can as
many cookies as she want you guys now I
don't eat banana pudding because I am
allergic to bananas but I used to just
eat the cookies when I was little and
sometimes I eat bananas and I would itch
like crazy but your layer it like that
and as you see it thickened up a little
bit more because we turn to fire down
from under it but you're going to add
the rest of the separated milk so that
banana pudding like so and you're just
gonna layer it make it look up make it
look purty
or make it look kind of pretty whatever
you want to do but just keep adding
evaporated milk to you see no more
evaporating them and it should look like
this after you're done you see all that
evaporated milk you see how thickened up
but it's still hot you do not want to
serve this banana pudding hot okay but
that's how it look when it was done now
it's not completely done okay I'm just
showing you ain't it pretty normal do I
know my mama did this I know she didn't
but you're going to put a top on it
ain't I put in the refrigerator the day
before you serve it okay because you
want this to be cold when you serve it
it is banana pudding and that's how I
look what it was completely done the
next day after it's been chilled and
cooled down okay
you don't scoop it up just keep watching
they look good don't I know I know I
know just keep watching you're gonna get
even better okay I'm trying to make it
pretty okay but you guys that was the
next day there was like a couple of
hours after we make it for the video but
if you wait a whole day it will get
thicker okay
you should have waited but the video
purposes we didn't wait we wait a couple
of hours though but okay I need y'all
look at this y'all know how I do know
have a food orgasm don't have a food
gasm okay that's just I'm just going to
chop marinate this all in
and I just reach out marinade in and
that's how I look with all the layers
and this and that so now I'm going to
shut up and just let y'all enjoy this
and just keep watching in and just keep
watching okay okay mm-hmm I know okay
I'm sure
I know yeah I keep saying why should you
doing this to us
watch your pile watch your file watch
your file okay just just watch just oh
my god
oh my god okay let me stop with this
Harlequin is complete completely done
now you guys like I told you guys went
to the next day not a couple of hours
because you want this to be cold but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video give it
up to my mama for making it and I hope
you guys like this video and listening
and love of life like videos do what did
we do
and yes I will be making a video on how
I make my tartar sauce okay you guys cuz
you guys asked for it I'm going to do it
but I hope you guys like this video and
keep watching me I love you guys and
right